include Governance tech description (#905)
iota-wiki/iota-wiki: shimmer/learn/governance/shimmer-governance-intro.md

**2. The official IOTA/Shimmer [Governance forum](https://govern.iota.org)**- Here is the place for specific discussions about proposals. It is the first stage of reaching community consensus on proposed changes through soft consensus polling in the forum.

> **3. Fully utilized decentralized and immutable On-Chain Governance [voting functionality](./governance-tech.md)** integrated into the [Firefly Shimmer Wallet](https://firefly.iota.org/) and the [Hornet Nodes](/hornet/welcome). This allows every SMR Token holder to make decisions in the SMR network based on proposals passed through the forum's governance process. Voting is a protocol feature of L1, so no Smart Contracts are needed for this type of voting.

Author: ```suggestion
**3. Fully utilized decentralized and immutable On-Chain Governance [voting functionality](./governance-tech.md)** integrated into the [Firefly Shimmer Wallet](https://firefly.iota.org/) and the [Hornet Nodes](./develop/what-is-shimmer/nodes/hornet.md). This allows every SMR Token holder to make decisions in the SMR network based on proposals passed through the forum's governance process. Voting is a protocol feature of L1, so no Smart Contracts are needed for this type of voting.
```

> **3. Fully utilized decentralized and immutable On-Chain Governance [voting functionality](./governance-tech.md)** integrated into the [Firefly Shimmer Wallet](https://firefly.iota.org/) and the [Hornet Nodes](./develop/what-is-shimmer/nodes/hornet.md). This allows every SMR Token holder to make decisions in the SMR network based on proposals passed through the forum's governance process. Voting is a protocol feature of L1, so no Smart Contracts are needed for this type of voting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**3. Fully utilized decentralized and immutable On-Chain Governance [voting functionality](./governance-tech.md)** integrated into the [Firefly Shimmer Wallet](https://firefly.iota.org/) and the [Hornet Nodes](/develop/what-is-shimmer/nodes/hornet). This allows every SMR Token holder to make decisions in the SMR network based on proposals passed through the forum's governance process. Voting is a protocol feature of L1, so no Smart Contracts are needed for this type of voting.
```
